# **The Keyholding Company** – Explosive Growth of Performance and Service Quality

Digital transformation and workforce management solution.

Industry
Professional Services

## The Story

The Keyholding Company is a security services and alarm response business. In 2013, the Keyholding CEO Charlie Gordon Lennox approached Haulmont to partner him in supporting a digital transformation of his company. The aim was to create an enterprise IT system for automating routine tasks of the security services and alarm response business. The system should help to raise the service level, cut the alarm signal response time and ensure the performance of all instructions for each object (building).

An initial pilot project delivered a proof-of-concept solution comprising enterprise-spec controller screens managing a highly custom mobile workforce app. Thanks to Jmix (ex-CUBA Platform) abilities the pilot was completed just in 3 months, and the full-scale solution, called Chase, was delivered in 2 years.

Thanks to the success of Chase, combined with The Keyholding Company’s vision and ambition, the company became recognized as the most technologically advanced security and alarm response vendor. The system also enabled the company to open a new horizon in its business area and ensured further business evolution and expansion.

## The Way to Success

Initially, the pilot version was integrated with Keyholding’s legacy platform. The success of this project was evident not just in the board approving a full systems replacement project but also in the fact that the pilot solution itself was rolled out to national partners to deliver immediate value to the business whilst the Haulmont team prepared the full-scale version.

Continually developed by an integrated team of The Keyholding Company’s Tech and Ops staff working with Haulmont developers, Chase now runs all aspects of the company’s operations, alongside powerful best-in-class third party solutions for CRM, call center and business intelligence.

## Result

The Keyholding Company is now recognized as the most technologically advanced company in its field. Across the UK, 2 000 operatives use the company’s mobile app to complete over 45 000 jobs per month whilst maintaining a quality of service that is accredited as in the top 5% of all security companies.

Performance in alarm response is a key metric for the business. Since Chase went live, average processing time for booking an alarm response has been reduced from 5-8 minutes to under a minute, with over a third of all bookings processed with no human involvement at all.

By restructuring their business around a ‘Digital-First’ philosophy, with Chase at the core, The Keyholding Company has not only delivered efficiency and a platform for scale, but also an unparalleled service offering for clients, thanks to their ability to manage customer service and reporting. The company now has a significant data engineering unit to capitalize on the huge amount of data generated by Chase and its third-party integrations, enabling The Keyholding Company to offer MI reporting to clients and a level of regulatory compliance, audit history and commercial SLAs that are far in advance of their competition.

The company is now exploiting new markets. It no longer focuses solely on private residence alarm response, but has expanded to managing security for huge multi-site businesses, leveraging their investment in a highly scalable technology platform to deliver high levels of customer service to multiple corporate customers with over 7 000 sites nationwide.


Becoming the industry technological and service leader
45 000 tasks per month processed
Huge business expansion